update docs to remove cookiecutter and add asset bundle templates (#98)
databricks/mlops-stack: README.md

### Prerequisites
 - Python 3.8+
 - [Databricks CLI](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/databricks-cli.html) >= v0.203.2

[Databricks CLI](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/databricks-cli.html) v0.203.2 contains [Databricks asset bundle templates](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/bundles/templates.html) for the purpose of project creation.
Databricks asset bundle is in private preview. Please contact a Databricks representative for more information.

### Starting a new project

To create a new project, run:

    databricks bundle init https://github.com/databricks/mlops-stack

This will prompt for parameters for project initialization. Some of these parameters are required to get started:
 * ``input_project_name``: name of the current project

>  * ``input_root_dir``: name of the root directory. The root directory name should be specified if monorepo will be used for the project. 
>    Otherwise, user can use the name of the current project as root directory name.

Reviewer: Leaving it blank is no longer an option? We should make it clearer:
```suggestion
 * ``input_root_dir``: name of the root directory. It is recommended to use the name of the current project as the root directory name, except in the case of a monorepo with other projects where the name of the monorepo should be used instead.
```

Author: Yes. Leave it black will use the default value `my-mlops-project`. Good suggestion.

```
# Note: update MLOPS_STACK_PATH to the path to your local checkout of the stack
MLOPS_STACK_PATH=~/mlops-stack

> databricks "$MLOPS_STACK_PATH" --config-file "$MLOPS_STACK_PATH/tests/example-project-configs/azure/azure-devops.json"

Reviewer: just `databricks`? not `databricks bundle`?

Author: Good catch. Should be `databricks bundle init`
